Feature/smar 2514 sf2sf sync (#14)
innovatrics/sf-helm: README.md

## Values

| Key                                                         | Type   | Default                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    | Description                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       |

> | ----------------------------------------------------------- | ------ | ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ | ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |

Reviewer: I think we should not use this auto-formatting because it hides actual changes in diff.

Reviewer 2: the whole readme is actually autogenerated, and all manually created readme content should be in https://github.com/innovatrics/sf-helm/blob/main/README.md.gotmpl

Author: readme was genarated

| countlyPublisher.service.annotations | object | `{}` | Annotations for countlyPublisher Service |
| countlyPublisher.service.labels | object | `{}` | Additional labels for countlyPublisher Service |
| countlyPublisher.tolerations | list | `[]` |  |
| dbSynchronizationLeader.annotations | object | `{}` | Annotations for dbSynchronizationLeader deployment |
| dbSynchronizationLeader.containerPort | int | `80` |  |
| dbSynchronizationLeader.dnsHost | string | `""` |  |
| dbSynchronizationLeader.enableAuth | bool | `false` |  |

> | dbSynchronizationLeader.enabled | bool | `false` | features.multitenancy needs to be enabled since tenant operator is responsible for populating wlStream |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| dbSynchronizationLeader.enabled | bool | `false` | `sf-tenant-operator.enabled` needs to be enabled since tenant operator is responsible for populating wlStream |
```

Author: readme is autogenerated

| faceMatcher.resources.requests.cpu | string | `"100m"` |  |
| faceMatcher.resources.requests.memory | string | `"100M"` |  |
| faceMatcher.tolerations | list | `[]` |  |

> | features.edgeStreams.enabled | bool | `false` | features.multitenancy needs to be enabled since tenant operator is responsible for populating wlStream |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| features.edgeStreams.enabled | bool | `false` | `sf-tenant-operator.enabled` needs to be enabled since tenant operator is responsible for populating wlStream |
```

Author: readme is autogenerated
